Project Report: 

In this course, we have learned many mathematical concepts related to computer science, such as number representation on computers, counting,
and data relationships. Counting has allowed us to understand data sets and how there is passcode security. The relationships of data structure have 
allowed us to understand real-world problems like finding the shortest distance between two points. The course has allowed us to understand data 
representation, logical operations, and the use of data structures and algorithms to manipulate software. We have also identified when a counting
problem should implement data structures, algorithms, or logical operations to various counting problems.

In our project, we have looked more in detail at how we can use relationships of data to find the quickest way to get from one point to another. 
Our AStar Path finder algorithm code will be using a connection of nodes and depending on the score of the collection of nodes with its path. 
The score of a node will be defined by the number of nodes connected to it and how far it is from the designated ending node given by the user. 

Through this project, we have learned more about the connection of structures such as nodes. In addition, we have discovered and developed more vital 
webpage programming skills and the use of NextJS. We researched not only the new programming language's syntax but also the algorithm and the way the 
code runs to find the quickest path. We also researched different types of AStar pathfinders to gain ideas on ways to make our own interactive AStar Path 
Finder. The user will enter the website, set a start and end point, and draw obstacles throughout the grid. If the user wants to erase parts of the 
barriers, then they will be able to by pressing the shift key and selecting which parts of the grid they would like to erase. Once the barriers are set, 
and the user wants to start and see the algorithm find its path, they will run it and watch the program find and trace out the quickest route from the 
start to the end. 
